in with a Danny hope everyone's doing
well so i went to the states on the
weekend and I got a few items i want to
share with you guys so this is going to
be a tiny home but i was really happy
with my purposes so i want to share them
with you guys so my first thought was
Ross and I got a few items I got these
really cute flats I fell in love with
the color they're bright pink really fun
and they have a bit of golden lining and
that cute gold bowl and there are only
fifteen dollars on who as you know what
a steal and as you guys know I love flat
so this was perfect I needed a robe and
i found this robe and it came in this
beautiful pink color it's really soft
and it was only thirteen dollars at ross
so i bought this as well it's gonna keep
you cozy has its super cold where i am
at the moment i also went to first aid i
was looking for this product but they
didn't have it but i did find some other
products i found his new polish they
were on sale i actually never heard of
the brand before it's called sinful
colors but this color was really cute
it's a sparkly purple blue just really
fun so i got this one and there were
only 199 and then i bought this orange
one maybe I'll do something halloween
tutorial put this found this so first al
super happy it's my brow kit that I used
they discontinued they discontinued it
at walmart and it is the ash brown so i
was really happy to find this one it's
wet and wild and it was the last one
this sells for about 3 99 there and then
I was really happy with my next one
because I've been trying to organize all
my makeup and whatnot and I went to
walmart and found this really cool tray
it is a great drawer organizer it's
great you can put their nail polish your
makeup look at all that space you get so
I was really happy with this for 99 and
this is a great way to organize your
stuff it's super awesome you can put
your like I stay your nail polish here a
lot of space really inexpensive and just
a great way to keep organized and then I
went to target and I just picked up my
oil in night moisturizer because I ran
out and where I love it's pretty pricey
at target it was only seven dollars
where I lived this ranges this goes for
about fifteen seventeen dollars so
that's quite
big price difference and I also picked
up some lip gloss from ELF they were
only a dollar I love the hyper shine and
then I've never used this one before so
we'll see how this one goes but the
hyper shine that I use is the color
flirt and I love this one because it
gives a nice it gives a nice shine and
the color is really gorgeous as well so
hopefully you guys enjoyed this a little
haul as always I want to say thank you
so much everyone for watching and have a
great day bye Halloween is just around
the corner so don't forget to try this
fun Halloween nail tutorials spider
nails